Update visual_studio_code.md with finalized PEP 681 (#11860)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/integrations/visual_studio_code.md

    These details are only useful for other library authors, etc.

> This additional editor support works by implementing the standard for [Dataclass Transform (PEP 681)](https://peps.python.org/pep-0681/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This additional editor support works by making use of the [`@dataclass_transform` decorator](https://typing.python.org/en/latest/spec/dataclasses.html#the-dataclass-transform-decorator)
(introduced by [PEP 681](https://peps.python.org/pep-0681/)).
```
